# Rocket.toml configuration file

`Rocket.toml` is an optional file that can configure parameters for each environment. 

See source: 
[Rocket.toml](../../Rocket.toml)

See Rocket API: 
<https://api.rocket.rs/v0.5/rocket/struct.Config.html>

## Rocket.toml location

Rocket searches for the `Rocket.toml` file starting at the current working
directory. If it is not found there, Rocket checks the parent directory. Rocket
continues checking parent directories until the root is reached.

If the file it is not present, then default configuration parameters are used.


## Rocket.toml structure

The `Rocket.toml` file must be a series of TOML tables, at most one for each
environment, and an optional "global" table. 

Each table contains key-value pairs corresponding to configuration parameters
for that environment. If a configuration parameter is missing, the default
value is used. 


## Defaults

The parameters `workers` and `secret_key` are computed by Rocket by default.

If you prefer to specify `workers`, the value should be an integer, such as:

```toml
workers = 10
```

If you prefer to specify `secret_key`, the value should a 256-bit base64
encoded string, such as a string generated by `openssl rand -base64 32`:

```toml
secret_key = "tCbBLLFmPdzCEBXQVhbUbEewPULZZtOqi1Ro2CoDMQA="
```

## Environments

Environment names:

* The "global" pseudo-environment can be used to set and/or override configuration
parameters globally. 

* The "debug" environment and "release" environment correspond to cargo names.

For example, given the following `Rocket.toml`` file, the value of address will
be "1.2.3.4" in every environment, and the log level will depend on the
environment.

```toml
[global]
address = "1.2.3.4"
limits = { forms = 32768 }
```

[debug]
log_level = "normal"

[release]
log_level = "critical"


## Transport Layer Security (TLS)

If you use Transport Layer Security (TLS) then you can configure it here, or
by using environment variables, or in a programmatic ConfigBuilder.

```toml
[debug]
tls = { certs = "/path/to/certs.pem", key = "/path/to/key.pem" }
```
